The fileds are brown.
This town has been divided.
We need to acknowledge the huge
part you play in this redistring.
We just brought this
kid in this morning...
... next stop is juvy for
him and it's a bad path...
- I need you to be tomorow morning at 6 AM
- I'll be here.
So what's that like been the
guy who used to be Tim Riggins?
Still team Riggins.
Yeah... but...
you know what I mean and all.
You XXXXXXX of the university of
Texas when you're in the nuts.
Boom... fall from cliff.
This isn't bad as anything I had
ever seen on a football field.
Game is over. Dillon has forfeited.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey, wake up.
You can't be here
this's private property.
Hey, are'nt you...
- Aren't you Tim Riggins?
- Yes sir.
You know, you go have to get yourself
together and get out of here...
... you can't be here...
Ok
Hey Coach
- Good morning
- Good morning Dad
Morning Gracie bell.
We made coffee.
Did you bring the paper in yet?
- I'll go get it
- I'll get it...
- No, no sir
- I'll get the paper, I'll get my own paper.
Thank you for the coffee.
You're welcome.
Grrrr.
Morning.
Hey. Hon'.
Hey just go on, come now,
let me do this
... Luke, Luke, Luke...
- That's the hell of a combo
- Yeah.
Boy, I can smell State.
State, State, State, State.
They damn well know they're
supposed to be here, don't they.
I know.
Hey, I've looked everywhere.
I went to the trainer room...
I went to the bus stop...
... nobody's here Coach,
nowhere in the building.
Hey friend.
Come on, come go with me.
Buddy, I'm not in the mood,
I don't have time right now.
I've got to show you something,
Eric...
... please...
... come here...
Do you know what
you're looking at, Eric ?
No, why don't you fill me in.
This is the address for Luke Cafrety.
Star running back, Dillon Panthers.
Future super star, Luke.
This is the adress
they have for him.
Where is he really livin'?
East Dillon.
He's supposed to be yours.
Sous-titre par : Fred29
http://friday-night-lights.frbb.net/
- Here she is
- no.
I don't what they were
thinking, that we're gonna...
... notice that there is a
empty field out there...
- I mean, did they think we're stupid
- They wouldn't have known...
... unless Buddy told us.
Come on Julie.
And that's another thing. Don't
say anything about that...
... cause he's affraid haf the
time. Boy cut his dealership...
- Well, I don't blame him. I'm all work myself
- You know...
Julie, let's go...
... consider kinda of a...
Miss Coach kinda of a mood.
You don't have to worry, we didn't
do anything wrong. Julie let's go.
I know I didn't do
anything wrong but...
... this people are all about doing the
wrong thing, they don't think kind...
I feel just terrible for poor Luke
Cafferty, I mean that poor boy...
- I have hanging up to tell you about this
- I feel so sorry for him...
... he has to come over to my
school and be in my team...
Honey...
- ... that's aweful
- Come on now...
- Come on let's go
- Hey honey...
- Daddy go dad
- yes, I...
- Are you ready for you big first day?
- Yeah.
I should be fun. New teachers,
new friends, new school.
- Goodbye
- Goodbye.
Come here... careful...
- Let's go
- It's a high school Mum...
... not a prison yard...
- Bye, I love tou
- I love you too.
Bye honey.
What's up?
- What's up, man? What happened?
- You know who do this?
Puttin' flags on my locker.
I see no me no access  XXXXXX...
Come on man, you know
me better than that
Yahh.
I... hum....
... took the liberty of putting you up in an
internship with a local artist star here...
... he's name is Richard Cherman...
... he selected you...
- ... he did...
- hum hum, it's quite an honor.
The guy is a genius...
... can you go this afternoon?
Euh... yeah, yeah of course.
Why... why did you fill
me up for an internship?
Because you have whatever
important artist needs...
- What's that?
- Pluck
- ... hum... OK, thank you
- sure
... excuse me...
... excuse me, I'm...
... excuse me, I just
need... five squizz... by here...
- ... get out of here
- it's an... an opened...
Oh my go. Oh my god, are you OK?
OK, what's the hell huh?
You rode to my bike
you freakin' idiot...
- I don't see how this's a laughing matter.
- I mean honestly, you're not even wearing a... a helmet...
... OK, come on, are you serious?
You know what junior, I think I might
need to explain something to you.
OK, I'm listenning...
... it took me a lot of months
to save up for that bike, OK.
So it means a lot to me...
... because not everybody get
a car bought from the dead.
So you're going to pay me damages
- That's fine, yeah
- for my bike
- OK
- Yeah
- What's your name?
- Landry Clarke
- What's you name?
Jess Merriweather
- Pleasure to meet you
- Nice to meet you.
M.E.R.R.I.W.E.A.T.H.E. R.
That's how you spell my last name, don't
forget that when you make up the check.
What's hell so important out here?
Hum... nothing, I'm sorry...
I was just...
I think I wanna just find that...
artist.
Who?
Richard Cherman but it's OK
I am going to take off...
- I'm sorry that I bother...
- I am Richard Cherman dumbass.
I... I am Matt saracen,
I'm your new intern.
Yeah, I got a bunch of crap in here,
I need you to start movin' it
- And come on in
- alright sorry
your XXXX are looking
XXX crap about it
- You got Susan
- Yeah, I were she is
- You close the door
- I'm sorry
It's Coach
- Alright, I'm gonna go ahead and take off
- I see you around.
Can I talk to you for a minute?
I don't know what's going on
with my football players...
- ..., I need your help get...
- Why did you forfeit game, Coach?
I'm sorry
- I said: why did you forfeit game?
- I heard your question
Yeah then answer that cause I
don't understand, I am not being...
... let me say you something I don't have
to explain my decision to you, Landry...
- OK I gotta to you that...
- do you understand me, do you understand what I'm saying.
... everyone gave absolutly everything
they had and you just quit on us.
I don't know if you really know what it
feels like, but some of us can feel it.
I'm done, and everyone else is done.
Hey... hey... Landry.
Ah, here you're going babe.
Hey Luke, come here son.
Hey Principal Taylor,
did you see that?
- That was amazing play, that was amazing
- Thank you, thank you
- I need to talk to you for a sec
- Yes Ma'am.
I need you to tell
me where you leave
2262 Octela road
- Is that really where you leave?
- Yes Ma'am
2262 Octela road.
You know that's an empty field
with mailbox in front of it, right?
You leave in Kioroyle, don't you?
And you knwow that Kioroyle zoned
for East Dilon High, is that right?
I mean I worked so hard for the Panther,
and this team means everything to me...
I mean,
there is no team over East Dillon.
Well, there is a team actually,
they're starting a team
Is there anything that we
can do like a new... write...
- ... letter to the governor somehow...
- no.
Tell you what. The only thing,
the only thing you could do...
... is your parents could move,
that's the only thing
- That's not gonna happened
- I'm sorry son
You gotta go over there
and pack up you stuff...
... starting tomorow, you're going
being to school at East Dillon High.
What? That's... that's it...
That's it.
I mean.
I will...
I will get an A in every single class.
- I know you're a good student.
- Everyone, I promise you that.
I will...
I'll do anything, I swear
to you, I'll do anything.
I'm begging you.
I'm sorry son, I hate that
it has to be this way too.
No, I'm OK, I'm OK, thank you
- You'll be alright?
- Yeah, I am fine, thank you very much.
Please ma'am Taylor. Hey.
XXXXX...
- I'm really sorry OK
- I appreciate that, I do appreciate that
- You'll be alright
- No I'm fine, I'm fine.
Thank you
- Luke
- Yeah, I'll be right here Coach.
Why isn't the part from Miss
Carhson Turist coming yet?
- I don't know, Billy
- The part was order 10 days ago, Tim.
Do you order from Tahiti?
Finish this transmission,
man. Finish it today.
You were working on
all day yesterday.
Hey... euh.
It's throwing out there, it's
been well over two weeks...
... do you I get paid?
I'm waiting for some
money to come in, alright.
When?
Seriously, would you back
off for two seconds.
Do you have any clue what I
got on my plate right now Tim?
Seriously man.
I'm trying to... run a garage,
I got a pregnant wife...
... and I haven't slept
for two weeks because...
... because Mindy is reading some
stupid book about what is...
... supposed to happened every two
seconds of your pregnant life...
... and now every time she farts she is
thinking that her water break in...
... she is going onto
contraction so back off.
Hey Billy, would pass
me that violine please?
- Would you shut up?
- You're hanging it.
Shut up.
Not, no.
No that wasn't direct
toward you Ma'am.
Yeah. Where are you? We'll
send a truck as soon as we can.
Yeah.
When you're done with it,
I need the violine.
Get dress up, OK.
Dress up, we got a tow...
- Principal Taylor
- Hey y'all.
What is it going to take?
I'm not sure what kind
of conversation ...
we're having here,
what are you talking about?
Oh I think you know.
Are we talking about Luke?
Yeah, we are talking about Luke,
Tami. Yeah.
Huhu.
So what is going to take like
new books for library...
... new instruments for
the orchestra, or what?
Are y'all coming to me in
the school parking lot...
... and offering me a bride?
You need to be reasonable, you need
to be reasonable about that Tami.
It's not going to do
anything but hurt this kid.
We can' let that happened to him, we
can't let that happened to our team.
We can't let
that happened to the school.
... can't let that happened
to you Tami.
What's going to happened to
you if he's gone down?
I think you're gonna get lynched.
That's so sweet, you're so
sweet. To think about me, ...
... I appreciate that so much. I can
take care of myself, thank you.
OK but think of this, that first window
have to be forfeited because of this.
If that happens we might
not make it back from that.
That means we might not make to
state this year, do you want that?
That boy was unrolletery illegally.
Yes and ironicly he just happens
to be going to a school...
... where your husband
is the football coach.
Just do me a favor,
would you go home...
... and ask your husband
one thing, ask him...
... who put up that mail box?
Because the Dillon Panthers...
... has been using that mailbox
long before I got here...
... and if I want to do
little digging around...
... you know what I think
things could come up.
I think games could be forfeited,
I think rings could be lost.
You got to be kidding me.
Hey Tim Riggins
who used to be a Panther.
Good morning.
Tell me you need a tow.
Yeah, no...
... but I do need a ride to school which
would be awesome because my mom's...
... not here, I don't know what she is
doing, she's MIA for some reason...
... and I had to find my
dog this morning cause a...
... little squirrel got get in
again and I miss the bus...
... and my hair was doing this weird flip
thing that I wasn't really too sure about...
... and that just really rough
morning all together so...
... let get the showing up, come on,
let's get going we're going to be late.
Don't never do this again.
I mean all I did all day
was carring big, heavy,
rusty, dirty peaces of
metal out of the junkyard
estuff
I just can't believe you were naked.
No, I wasn't naked, he was naked.
Whatever, and he never
even asked about my art.
I mean why is he thinking I'm there, is
he thinking I like doing manual labor.
Or maybe he think, you
know, you're not a great artist ...
... cause you go
to community college.
And no offense, I've been...
I mean...
It's fine.
I'm just saying you
need to get him excited.
You need to show him who
you are and your art and...
... just take the bull by the horns.
Hey you know I've been
told that I have pluck.
- Really?
- Yeah.
You know what that means?
Euh Ma'am.
I'm Coach Taylor from high school.
Are you Vince's mother by chance?
Yeah why?
I just want to...
I just want to talk...
I just came by to talk to you he
ain't in a practice in few days...
No, that's his business.
It... it ain't no laws
about missing no practice.
Mah'am.
I'm just trying to help your son.
You got 20 box?
Please.
Lincoln and Victory...
... almost every night.
Hey do you know how
to get to Lobic.
You got to take 6 to one up to 23.
Hey, Dillon East, right?
You're the coach at Dillon East.
You've lost your inner paria.
You know sword, have you
ever heard swing your sword?
You're supposed to swing
your sword like this.
You're swinging your's like this.
I mean you got to
find your inner paria.
A lot of time, thing is
happened for a reason.
We don't know why God
wants it that way...
... but you can't make the best out of
it... until you get back your inner paria.
You might be the luckiest man
alive and not even know it.
Hey babe.
Hey.
It smells good...
- Babe
- Yep...
- Yeah.
What?
Did you know that that mail box...
... was out there in front of
the field, that empty field.
Did you know that?
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about Joe McCoy told
me today that that mailbox...
... has been out there since you
were head coach at the Panthers.
Did you know?
Listen, I don't follow...
... what the boosters and the parents
in town do, that's not my job.
You know there are a lot
of different ways that...
... people try to get
kids on the team.
- Hum hum
- What does that mean?
That means you sure were
paying a lot of attention...
... last couple of days when you were
trying to get Luke Cafreti on the team.
And you know now I am on
a really bad position...
... because Joe McCoy is
about to go out and do...
... all kind of researching
and all kind of digging...
- ... and the things like state title...
- which they don't have.
Well Honey, I'm talking
about your state title.
And not just you but the team.
Well you know what honey I
may not even have a team
- Of course you have a team
- No I might not have a team.
I'm surprised your friend Joe
didn't inform you that ...
... my team hasn't showing up for
practice since the forfeit.
I didn't know that,
I'm sorry to hear that.
I'm glad you're sorry,
I'm sorry too.
Why don't you tell me?
Well I tried to get
Landry to get together...
... bring the team up, but
you know what Landry did.
In the middle of the
cafetaria, Landry looks at me...
... and basically says:'Hey Coach,
go to hell'.
Babe I'm sorry to hear
that but I still...
... don't think you
should have lie to me.
- I didn't lie to you
- Well I wish you had told me that you...
Well you should have told
me that you knew that.
Knew what?
I don't know who put
the mailbox there.
You're saying I put the mailbox there
cause everyone else say I did...
... cause I didn't I don't
know who put it there.
Dont raise you voice.
I'm not raising my voice
I don't want to come in...
... my own house to be accused
first thing I sit down.
- Then don't lie to me next time
- I didn' lie to you
- Where are you going?
- I'm going to get some milk.
What the hell man.
Vince.
You can throw the gym home.
Vince, let me talk to you.
- Can't you see we're hooping there
- Yeah I can see...
- Talk to him in school
- I can see, I understand.
He's not in school, is he ?
You're making a mistake, man.
Hey, Officer Shokee come.
I can't keep him away forever, man.
I've been watching the
game we tapped, man.
The running the 40 none to
5 of full, you gotta...
... loose, man, you got a lot
of talent I'm telling you.
Don't throw it away.
Would you talk to me?
Hey Vince,
you're going to throw it away?
You're gonna throw it away?
Last chance.
I'm not gonna waste my time anymore.
Your choice, big man.
There's a chavy parts out there
in the back, ...
...  I want you to moving it up in the front
cause I gotta start cuttin' them.
Yes sir.
- Excuse me
- Excue me
- Hey can you get me sauce from the back.
- Alright, you want the spicy can?
Yeah that'd do. Here we go.
Enjoy.
You're not gonna get it
- You want the spicy can alright?
- Yeah
- I can... you want me too...
- nononono it's good.
OK...
- Go
- What you're doing?
What you XXXX?
I don't Xxxi I just... hum.
You know she looks busy, I just
thought I could help her out.
We go to school together.
- Ah... huh... this is a... hum
- I'm Landry.
Lan... yeah Landry...
... my... my dad...
- Hey, Landry
- Yeah.
Yeah Landry.
Pick that out there,
thanks for the help.
Yeah, it's been nice to meet you.
Landry.
Yeah, I get that, yeah.
What you want?
Here's what we're gonna do.
We're gonna call special
practice for saturday night.
Saturday?
If it does not work out
we're gonna start over.
What exactly does that mean:
start over?
I don't know Stan
what start over means.
Saturday night.
Coach.
Tim, how are you doing?
I heard you... but what do you...
how come you're not back to college.
I euh...
You what?
I'm working full time
with my brother now.
I'm making some money.
You...
You look different.
- It's the color.
- Yeah, it's pretty red.
Yeah.
- Well
- Well.
You know I heard about the forfeit.
And it's a shaky start so...
... you know I'd love to be a part
of it if I can help in anyway.
- You're offering your help to me.
- Yes sir
Come with me.
Come on.
And do we have the latest
injury report from Raw Rock?
Is that middle linebacker there
still messed cause if he is, boy...
... it's gonna be party tonight.
He's out?
- Definitly
- Yeah excellent, thank you.
And then Buddy, are we looking...
... to talk to that co...
Sorry, I hate to interrupt,
how are you?
Good to see you Sam.
Don't mean to interrupt, I just... can
I just have a quick word with you, Joe?
Don't talk much yourself.
I just want to make sure we
don't have any misunderstanding.
The other day when we had that
conversation in the school parking lot.
You know with the... XXX
car and all that stuff.
And I just wanted to
make sure I was clear.
That my decision has been
made and is made and...
... that Luke Cafreti is
going to East Dillon High.
Are you clear about what I told you?
Oh yeah, I think I heard you...
You mean about doing an
investigation and ratio...
... activly taken away
Panthers tot state titles.
That's the thing we're talking on.
Because I just wanted to
actually make sure you...
... also check with all
gentlemen here about that...
Because as you said.
You know that's gonna mean
rings been taking away and...
... things like that, and I can bet
there are a ot of rings in this room.
You know family and what not so...
Hum... you know, you do
what you have to do.
I know you're gonna do
I just wanted make sure I had very clear
with you where I stand on it, so...
I let y'all get back to it, thank you
so much, thank you much, y'all enjoy.
Hey.
I cut my hand and I didn't have a
Tetanis shot so I might have go get one.
- That was brillant
- Thank you, you knows brillant.
Thanks for everything
I see you later.
- What the hell is your problem?
- You su...
I don't know what your deal is.
You XXX you XXX and that's fine, that's
your thing that's OK you're an artist.
And I care how you create but
the reason why I'm here...
... doing all this is because
I want to be an artist.
Alright, so...
The least you could do is
say something about it.
You want me to say something.
I would like you to say something.
Alright, they all say something.
Wouhohoho.
That's very helpful.
Are you...
That part here doesn't
make me want to puke.
Try to work from this place.
OK.
You're not my father.
I support my family.
She has no business
taking at from you.
You should gave it to her.
Sit down.
I'm sorry.
Don't quit on me.
Don't quit on yourself.
I'm gonna ask you to do me a favor.
This team is broken.
I can use somebody help me to
put this peaces together again.
I don't know where I'm going.
But I'll get another job
This job don't work out for you...
... we both know where you're going.
Bring them to me.
Talk to 'em, bring'em to me.
Talk to them for me.
Talk to them and bring
them to me tomorow night.
Special practice 10
o'clock out here.
At the field. Hey.
Just us, just the Lions
Talk to 'em.
We want Panthers,
we want Panthers...
Welcome Panthers.
We have a big game coming
up with West Cambria.
I will wait.
We want Luke, we want Luke,
we want Luke, we want Luke.
Hey Coach.
I'm euh...
I'm Luke Cafreti, I'm...
I'm here for special
pratice Coach Taylor called.
Nice to see you.
- Welcome to East Dillon
- Thank you, thank you.
- Luke, how are you doing?
- Hey Coach.
Good to see you.
- Stan Traub
- How are you? Great to see you Coach.
Huuh...
Where's the team?
Coach.
How are you doing, fellas?
Vince
- Coach
- How are you doing taker?
Good evening gentlemen.
Good to see you.
Listen.
Last week, we got our asses beat.
Doing our best and there are
no shame on that, gentlemen.
But I tell you what
I've got a shame.
I have got shame
and I apologize to you.
I apologize for not given you
the chance to finish your fight.
I want to finish
that fight with you.
And I'm asking you right here.
Right now.
To allow me to help
you finish that fight.
You see this gentlemen.
This right here, this is the past.
Who wants to finish this fight?
Who'll finish this fight with me?
I will sir.
Glad to have you on board taker.
Let's finish it.
Hey saylor.
You look like you
hadn't slept in a week.
- It feels that way
- Yeah.
I'm looking for
a place if you know one.
Well it shouldn't be so hard.
Old days when you
don't offer some laugh.
Well... euh...
I do have this trailer.
In my backyard.
I charge you 100 a month.
You can stay here
till you find a place.
It's very sweet but...
Don't get me wrong, that
place is unbelievable.
But, you know what that's in to you.
And more important I can XXXX to me.
So I really need to take it out right.
I'm not gonna come banging on your
door in the middle of the night.
You know what I mean.
But I could use the cash.
When?
Start right now,
I'll give you the keys.
- Tonight right now
- Remember where I leave.
I'm going to give
my daughter a call.
She's not gonna know you from adam.
I want you to scare her.
Here they go.
Thank you.
Hey.
How are you doing?
Drinking wine.
How are you?
How do everything go today?
Hum.
I got boo-ed at the paper rally.
What do you mean boo-ed?
I mean boo-ed.
Booooo.
I did get one little
bit of satisfaction.
Just being able to stand up to that
ghetto boys for a long moment.
Joe McCoy and his crew.
So I got that gallon for me.
And wine.
How was your day?
They showed.
They did?
Just told you.
It's great.
I'm sorry a lot.
Yeah
I just gotta find a way to
be less in the uniforms.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org